(Yuya)
Previously on "YugiOh Arc‐V"...
You're the one who attacked
Professor Marco, aren't you?
Challenge me to a duel,
then maybe you'll know
if I'm your guy or not.
We'll use
Battle Royal rules.
Which means the three of us get
the chance to take you on!
(all)
Let's Duel!
(Zuzu)
Are you telling me you
can't guarantee my safety
if I try to stop your
pals duel with Julia?
Is that some sort
of threat?
Who are you guys?
What do you want?
We have enemies Zuzu.
And a friend of ours
was taken by them....
Hold on, are you
talking about Lulu?
Raidraptor Rise‐Falcon
will finish you all
(screaming)
(Yuto)
You say you're trying
to protect your friends?
So are we.
We're fighting for
our people...
For Lulu...
She's my
colleague's sister.
His name is Shay.
My name is...
Yuto.
(Claude)
We've got
you surrounded.
There's nowhere
to run.
Where is your master?
(Declan)
I'm right here.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
So who are you?
Declan Akaba.
The current president
of Leo Corporation.
Akaba.
I know that name.
Well did you know that
Leo Corporation controls LID?
I'm betting you did and
that's the reason why
you've been attacking all those
connected with the Institute.
You knew those events
would get my attention.
And, you've got it.
Declan Akaba.
Leo Akaba's son.
I've waited a
long time to meet you.
Let's not wait
any longer!
It's time!
It's time to take
you down Declan!
You can barely
contain yourself!
Why is battling me
so important to you?
I don't have to
tell you anything!
My guess is you think it'll
help you rescue your friend.
I believe her
name was Lulu...
Julia filled me in
on the details
about how she ran into
you down at the harbor.
Lulu!
How did you...
Who helped you?
Did you get away?
You thought that you had
found your dear lost friend,
but it was a case of
mistaken identity.
I think Lulu is being
held prisoner by your enemies,
and the fact that you brought
up my father's name
must mean that he
is the enemy you seek.
You want to use me as some
sort of bargaining chip,
so that's why you
continued to attack my students,
to get my attention and draw
me out into the open
so that you
can capture me.
That leads me to believe Lulu's
pretty close to you,
and to your
masked friend.
(Yuto)
That wasn't Lulu.
It can't be because
your sister
would never use
Fusion Summoning.
Lulu's still be being
held captive.
We've got to rescue her.
Shay, you have to keep doing
whatever it takes to free her...
Nothing is off limits.
You're right,
Declan.
Your despicable
father has Lulu
and I'll do anything and
everything to get her back.
And that includes...
using you as bait!
Then it's just
as I thought.
You propose a kind
of """prisoner exchange."
Me... for her.
That's correct.
I'm gonna
trade you for Lulu
because that's one offer
Leo Akaba won't refuse!
I wouldn't be so sure.
What?
I think you're seriously
overestimating
my father's
interest in my welfare.
What do you mean?
Nothing.
If you want to battle, I
have no objection to doing so.
But I have one
condition.
And what's that?
If you do exactly what I ask
and if you do it successfully,
then I'll agree to
be your opponent.
And if by some
chance you win...
You may do whatever
you like with me.
♪
(Zuzu)
Julia!
Where are you?
(crows cawing)
(Nico Smiley)
Yuya, in your last
three battles,
you've shown
exceptional progress,
just as I anticipated.
In the first battle, you learned
that there is no such thing
as the perfect recipe,
in cooking or in dueling!
Adapting to each specific
situation
is absolutely
essential for success!
Your second match, against
the Quiz Whiz,
taught you
the valuable lesson
that your mind is your most
important weapon.
And in the third battle,
you were able to
shock and surprise me
and your audience with
the kind of passion
that finally
exceeded my expectations.
So far, you have
transformed your technique,
but what you do next could
transform your life!
The upcoming battle
will be the final one
in my sensational series!
Yuya,
if you win the match,
it will be your 30th victory
in 50 matches,
a 60% success rate,
which is the minimum you need
to enter the Junior Arc
League Championship!
If there
were ever a time
to use all the skills
you've learned,
this is it!
'Cause If you want to
become a pro, you need to win!
(Yuya)
Nico's right.
My whole future depends
on this duel.
It doesn't matter
who my opponent is.
I believe in dueltaining and
I believe in myself.
Today's my big day Mom,
an' there's no better way
to kick off a big day
than with a big stack
o' your awesome pancakes!
Mom?
That's funny.
Where could
she be?
Not in here.
Mom!
Mom?
Weird.
Not here, or here!
Unbelievable.
Mom's gone and even
Sora's not here,
and he's always
here to eat my pancakes.
Where is everybody?
It's the most important day
of your son's life,
and you leave me high
and dry with nothing to eat
but a week old mystery
muffin.
Least my
friends got my back.
What the...
Where's Principal
Boyle?
And Zuzu?
If this is a joke,
it's not funny.
Come on out, Tate!
Frederick!
Allie!
Joke's over!
Nobody at home and
now nobody at school either?
Man, I wish I could see
a friendly face!
(Nico Smiley)
Ahh, there he is!
Not what I
was thinking.
A gracious morning,
young Yuya.
I trust you are
prepared for the duel today.
Never mind that,
where is everybody?
You seem rather
concerned.
Yes, I am!
What's going
on here?
Oh my, look at
what time it is!
We mustn't be late for
your big battle!
Your audience
awaits, Yuya!
Nico, you didn't
answer me!
Where is everybody?
Going down!
We're late!
Come on, it'll take you
three seconds to tell me!
Nope!
Please?
Nico, my next battle isn't
against who I think it is,
is it?
Well, Yuya, there's
only one way to find out.
What took you
so long?
Gong's
been waiting!
I don't understand,
I've already battled Gong
tons of times before.
What's it gonna prove if
I battle him again now?
While it's true you have
battled Gong in the past,
you have never had so much at
stake on a single duel.
Yuya, I am aware
that you and Gong
have a very special
relationship.
When your famous father,
Yusho Sakaki,
suddenly disappeared before
the big championship match
and you were ridiculed
because of his actions,
Gong was the one who stood
by you and protected you.
Every time I think about
his kindness and compassion,
I cannot help but be
profoundly moved
by your beautiful
friendship.
But, you must
forget your friendship!
If you want become a pro, your
must treat Gong as your enemy!
(Gong)
He's right, Yuya.
You and Gong battled each other
plenty of times before,
but those matches were
for training, or for fun,
and in the back of
Gong's mind,
Gong was always
thinking about how hurt you were
after your daddy
disappeared,
so Gong always went
kind of easy on you.
But now, Gong realizes what all
that holdin' back did to Gong!
It made Gong into somebody
who didn't have the heart
to be a real winner!
You're saying
it's my fault
that you're not the
best duelist you...
can be?
Mm‐hmm.
Like Gong's battle with
that Leo Institute kid.
The match was all tied up
at one win a piece.
But Gong just
couldn't win that final duel.
Gong, you tied
it though.
There's no difference
between tying and losing.
It feels like Gong
lost that match
'cause Gong didn't
have the heart to win it.
Gong got soft, too used
to holding back.
So now, Gong's gotta get
tough, especially with myself!
In fact, Gong is so dedicated to
getting tough with himself
that he's
managed to back himself
into the proverbial
corner
regarding the Junior
Arc League Championship.
Gong needs one
more win.
With that one
victory under his belt,
he will reach the required
60% win rate,
yet he refused challenges
from any other duelists
until you were
in the same position!
As you know, you will also
enter the tournament
if you win your next match!
Which is something
we both want‐‐ right?
Of course it is!
That means only
the duelist who wins this battle
will be guaranteed a spot in the
Junior Arc League Championship!
Nico!
What?
How could you
let him do this?
He didn't force Gong
to do nothing!
Gong had to prove
Gong's self,
that Gong could have a
serious match with you.
Gong's gonna be the next
leader of this duel dojo.
This battle's gotta prove
the Heavystrong Duel Style
can really cut
the mustard!
Gong's going
all out, pal!
Gong's gonna do everything
in Gong's power
to splat you like
an itty bitty June bug!
(childe)
Hey look, it's
the scaredy cat's kid!
(child)
You're right,
Yusho Sakaki's son!
(child)
Can't believe he's
showing his face around here
after his dad ran away
from the Sledgehammer.
He's been telling everyone he's
gonna duel in his dad's place.
(laughing)
(gasping)
So you're gonna battle for
your father, are you?
Then how 'bout I take
The Sledgehammer's place!
Let's go,
big shot.
On your feet!
Well, what're you
waitin' for, kid?
Are you gonna stand up
an' duel like a man,
or y' gonna fly the coop
like your chicken dad did?
Back off Grizzlepike!
That's enough!
You think it makes you bigger
or stronger or cooler
to pick on somebody
that's smaller than you are?
Don't you know that picking on
people goes against everything
our Dojo stands for?
You got me
wrong, Gong.
I ain't pickin'
on the kid.
I just asked him to
duel, so we could find out
whose style is
the best...
he was gonna
dueltain like his dad
and I was gonna be
the Sledgehammer.
Listen pal, our dojo
ain't teaching you
the Heavystrong
style so you can go 'round
threatening kids
with it!
I catch you messing
with this boy again
you're expelled on
the spot.
Doesn't matter what
the reason, or who you are.
Thank you, Gong.
(Nico Smiley)
You still seem to be waging
an internal battle, Yuya.
I can understand.
If you are able
to defeat the man
who has been your loyal
protector,
you will prevent
him from entering
the Junior Arc League
Championship.
I also sense that you
are uneasy about this battle
for another reason.
So far, you have been encouraged
by Gong and many others.
Winning is easier
when you are cheered on
by fans, friends
and family!
You gained strength from
their enthusiastic support
and their loving
admiration.
(Yuya)
Whoa.
He's like
reading my mind!
But professionals must
also battle far from home.
A pro must be able to
triumph alone.
I have forbidden
your cheering section
from attending this
crucial match
to see if you
can win on your own.
Gong won't
hold back.
Yuya can't either
if he wants to be a pro.
Friend against
friend.
Now that I got
that out of the way,
I give you Sensei Strong.
When two duelists clash,
the force of their collision
burnishes character
and polishes souls.
A character
that is unshakeable.
a soul that stands strong: this
is the way of the Duel Dojo.
You must spar unbound.
Battle head on, with
all of your might
and you will both
emerge victorious,
no matter what
the outcome.
Battle!
Good luck,
young warriors!
You two shall battle on the
training ground of destiny....
Sword Cemetery!
(computer)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generation action field.
This looks familiar...
(Gong)
That's right.
It's the same field as when
Gong battled against Kit Blade
from the Leo Institute.
Wait a minute...
Why'd you choose
this field?
Gong has his
reasons, pal.
Let's do this!
Gong wants this win
just as much as you do!
Well, that's too bad because
you're gonna lose!
You ain't gonna
beat Gong, no way!
We'll see.
We'll all see Gong
come out on top!
(Both)
Let's...
Duel!
(computer)
Action Cards
dispersed.
You're in
for it now.
Gong summons the sweet sounding
Superheavy Samurai Flutist!
And now Gong's going
to tribute it
to summon an even more
powerful Superheavy Samurai.
Gong summons Superheavy Samurai
Big Benkei in defense mode!
Gong thinks that's
enough for right now.
He brought out a Level
8 monster already?
Guess King Gong's not
monkeying around this time.
Yuya better be
on his toes.
If there weren't so much
on the line with this match,
it'd be easier to decide
who to root for.
I want Gong to win since
he's had our back through thick
and thin, but I want Yuya
to win for our School!
What do I do?
Quiet!
You're louder
than Yuya's snoring!
Do you want Yuya to know
we're hiding out in here?
That's right!
Nico told us we
could only stay here
if we didn't let Yuya know
we were watching him!
(Skip)
Sorry.
Can Yuya stand
on his own two feet
and beat big, bad
ol' Gongy?
I can't wait to see!
(Yuya)
My most important
battle ever,
and it's gotta
be against Gong!
I wouldn't've made it
this far without him.
If Gong hadn't
taken me into his dojo
and let me battle his
own students,
I wouldn't've
had all the experience
and knowledge about dueling
that got me here.
Now to get into
the championship,
I gotta stop the guy who
helped me get here.
(Gong)
You're flattering yourself,
Yuya, and you're insultin' Gong.
Quit yer moping!
Gong don't need
your pity.
Gong already
told you...
Gong's coming at you
with everything Gong's got!
If you're smart you'll
do the same thing,
but you'll lose anyway!
Guess again!
I summon Performapal
Silver Claw!
Let's ride,
Yes!
This is bad news
for you,
cause I'm activating the
Action Spell Extreme Sword,
which gives Silver
Claw's attack points
a thousand‐point
power up!
Another lucky break!
I activate the Action
Spell Over Sword!
It gives my Performapal Silver
Claw 500 more attack points!
Yuya's smart to grab all
the action cards he can.
Looks like he's
going for the gold!
Yuya's dueling to win just
like he always does!
My goosepickles
got goosepickles!
It's great that Yuya's
trying so hard to win,
but Silver Claw's only
got 3,300 attack points.
That's not enough to beat Big
Benkei's 3,500 defense points.
It's go time.
Silver Claw, attack
his Big Benkei!
Now, Silver Claw's
special ability activates:
it gains 300 attack points
when it attacks!
That's more points
than Big Benkei!
Yuya can
take it out!
My pickels
are goosy!
Sorry, to
bust your bubble,
but Gong's sendin' Superheavy
Samurai Soulfire Suit
to the graveyard, to
activate its special ability!
This armor protects Big Benkei
from your attack!
Tough luck,
Silver Claw!
Then Big Benkei loses
800 defense points,
but that's a
small price to pay.
Oh great.
I couldn't destroy
his monster,
and Silver Claw's attack
points now drop back to normal.
Just my luck!
Winning this duel's
gonna be even harder
than I thought
it'd be.
I place one card facedown...
and end my turn.
Just as
we expected.
Yuya attacking
aggressively,
while your boy Gong
stands his ground confidently.
Yes.
No matter how much
the opponent rushes about,
my son remains immovable
and is not distracted.
He is upholding my Duel
Dojo's noble tradition
of the """Heavystrong"
style of dueling.
Nicely done, Gong!
Continue to prove
yourself my worthy successor!
Earn your way into the Junior
Arc League Championship
using our unbeatable,
Heavystrong style!
You don't have to you
worry about that, Dad.
Trust in Gong!
We still got a long
way to go though...
But Yuya ain't seen the half
of what I got in store for him.
Bring it on.
Okay!
Gong's
bringing it!
Here we go.
Gong's opponent's
a good friend.
He knows
Gong's moves.
That's why Gong's gonna
throw a real curveball!
Watch this, Daddy!
Your boy's putting a whole new
twist on our Heavystrong style!
I summon the Tuner Monster
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter!
He played
a Tuner Monster?
I can't believe it!
He's Synchro Summoning!
(gasping)
Gong tunes Level 2
Superheavy Samurai Trumpeter
with Level 8 Superheavy
Samurai Big Benkei!
There's no way you're
ready for what's next!
This monster is gonna bring
you some big‐league pain!
I Synchro
Summon my Level 10
Superheavy Samurai
Warlord Susanowo!
I can't
believe it.
Gong Synchro
Summoned.
Gracious me!
Can it be?!
He actually
did it.
Well,
that's a shock.
It sure is,
and my guts telling me
this duel's gonna
be electric!
(Yoko)
Oh, Yuya...
This is it,
my friend.
This is when the real
battle begins between us...
and your dream ends.
♪